Continue
’T-LEVELS’ and ‘T Level’ are registered trade marks of the Department for Education.
Pearson’s development and delivery of this qualification and use of the mark is under the authority of the Department for Education.
W88332A
©2026 Pearson Education Ltd.
1/1
T Level Technical Qualification in Digital Production, Design and Development
(Level 3)
Occupational Specialism
Task 3a: Gathering feedback to inform future development
You do not need any other materials.
Paper
reference 19540
Monday 27 April 2026 – Tuesday 5 May 2026
Time 15 hours
Instructions
• The total mark for this task is 24. • This booklet contains material for the completion of the set task under
supervised conditions. • This booklet is specific to each series and this material must only be issued to
students who have been entered to undertake the task in the relevant series. • This booklet must be kept securely until the start of the assessment window.
2
Continue
W88332A
Instructions for Students
You must complete ALL activities within the assessment.
Your provider will schedule 15 supervised hours during the two-week window so you
have sufficient access to others who can provide feedback to you on your solution.
In addition to the supervised time, you are permitted to produce evidence for this task
during unsupervised time. You should use this time to gather feedback from sources
outside those in your class or outside your provider.
You are allowed access to the internet during both the supervised and unsupervised
elements of this task.
You are allowed access to copies of:
• your design
• the prototype digital solution you have produced.
You are not allowed to make changes to the evidence produced in previous tasks.
Your teacher/tutor is not permitted to provide guidance or feedback during this task.
W88332A 3
Set Task Brief
Your manager has asked you to gather feedback on your prototype. You will use this
feedback to evaluate the effectiveness of the prototype so you can identify and plan the
next steps for future iterations.
Activities
Produce materials to support the gathering of feedback and use them to gain feedback
from technical and non-technical audiences.
You need to:
• use appropriate tools, methods and techniques to prepare demonstrations of the
prototype’s functionality, suitable for:
– a technical audience (e.g. programming professionals)
– a non-technical audience (e.g. the client, users)
• produce a plan for how you intend to gather feedback
• use the materials you produce to gather feedback
• record the feedback received in a format(s) suitable for analysis.
(24)
Outcomes for submission
Save the materials you have created, and the feedback received, using any suitable file
type in your folder for submission. Use this naming convention:
• Task3a_ [Document name]_[Registration number]_[Surname]_[First letter of
first name]
TOTAL FOR TASK 3A = 24 MARKS